WI #557: Normative Requirements Refinement - Part 1 (#787)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/chargeperiodstart.md

The ChargePeriodStart column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargePeriodStart MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargePeriodStart MUST be of type Date/Time.

> * ChargePeriodStart MUST conform to [Date/Time Format](#date/timeformat) requirements.

Author: addressed

* ChargePeriodStart MUST NOT be null.

> * ChargePeriodStart MUST be the *inclusive beginning bound* of the effective period of the charge.

Reviewer: Similar suggestion as ChargePeriodEnd.  That said, it does beg the question of what "inclusive" means.  I'm willing to hold my nose on that, given that that's what the spec says today.

```suggestion
* ChargePeriodEnd MUST be an inclusive value.
* ChargePeriodEnd MUST match the beginning date and time boundary of the effective period of the charge.
```

> * ChargePeriodStart MUST be the *inclusive beginning bound* of the effective period of the charge.

Author: Please refer to [the related conversation](https://github.com/FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec/pull/787/files#r1983899986) for the provided feedback and further discussion.

> * ChargePeriodStart MUST be the *inclusive beginning bound* of the effective period of the charge.

Reviewer 2: Is there a definition for what "inclusive" means? That might be helpful. Maybe the description above is good enough.
